it took an Israeli military bulldozzer
10 minutes to destroy fadia Abu jesi's
home of 30
years the justification it had been
built without a permit but then at most
only 2% of construction applications are
approved in the occupied West
Bank Israel's government would prefer it
if the Palestinians just
left the house had been demolished
before in 1998 when I was pregnant we
were living in tents there was a baby
girl who was only a week old they forced
us out after leaving us in the cold They
confiscated everything then we built the
house again here we are now again living
in the same
situation and then there are settlers
newly emboldened since the start of the
war in Gaza settler violence has s to
its highest levels since the UN started
recording data there are now six
incidents a day on average
now Israeli Human Rights group bet Salem
says that this policy of making life so
miserable for the Palestinians that they
eventually leave is effectively forcible
transfer and that's a war crime under
international law that it doesn't happen
at gunpoint is
irrelevant this settler is grazing his
sheep over Palestinian land the
Palestinians are powerless to stop
him a combination of destroying homes
preventing construction and encouraging
settlers is driving Palestinians
away I'm recalling just like a statement
that Shon in 19 89 said clearly he was
visiting visiting South Africa that time
it was apide South Africa when he came
back he said literally you can't load
people in trucks nowadays and throw them
outside the borders you create a
positive conditions to convince them to
leave and that's clearly what they what
they were doing now imp menting actually
these days after the 7th of
October when the Palestinians are driven
out the settlers move in this settlement
began with one house 40 years ago as it
expands it eats away at the Palestinian
land around
it fadia Abu ji's home and the fertile
land around her is in the way of that
expansion Bernard Smith Al jazer fush
ban in the occupied West Bank
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer